welcome to the men of recaps this is the
bachelor finale part two we left Peter
in Australia with a torn and conflicted
heart Madison had just left the show
admitting that she loved Peter but she
didn't think it was gonna work out
leaving Peter heartbroken and it ends a
wonderful girl that Peter loved too but
he wasn't sure if he could fully give
her his heart this episode begins with
Peter deciding he does love Hannah an
he's jumping in headfirst he's gonna
propose but this whole season they've
been teasing a huge twist at the final
rose ceremony what's going down
turns out the twist is that Hannah Ann
is not sure she's even coming yes after
her last date with Peter where he didn't
give her the love she was looking for
and just talked about how he's sad and
conflicted and Ann's feeling like he's
gonna send her home and she doesn't want
to go there to get her hopes up yeah
Peter never actually told her that
Madison's already went home and she's
the last girl in it so now Peter who had
just psyched himself up to propose has
the rug pulled out from under him that's
why he's like fainting and laying in the
bed but it turns out to be a non-issue
Hannah and does in fact show up Peter
really melts this proposal in fact for
the first 90% of it it seems like he's
gonna dump her but then he turns it
around I love you Hannah Anne and he
proposes she says yes she's over the
moon
and these two live happily ever after
just kidding this crazy drama-filled
season can't end any other way than with
more drama sometime later Peter and
Hannah and have a talk and it's looking
like a breakup convo Peters like hey
girl this is awkward but when I proposed
to you I thought that I was fully in
love with you but now I'm kind of like
hands like um are you freaking kidding
me
and Anne's been so easygoing and
supportive of Peter this whole time but
now it's her breaking point
Peter really wants to think of himself
as the good guy like hey I'm just always
trying to be honest with you but she's
like a guy this moment having this
conversation with me I swear to god I
would never have done that to either of
us
and why is it happening now if you're
not a hundred percent sure don't propose
to me I'm giving you nothing but my full
heart this whole time and you're always
conflicted and holding back you know
what I should have seen the red flags
earlier I'm out of here
in the last section she comes out and
totally crushes it she stands up for
herself shows a lot of emotional
maturity and there's no doubt Hannah and
The Bachelor but we're not done yet
Chris Harrison flies to Alabama to talk
to Madison turns out she's been
regretting her decision to leave
everything else aside she still loves
Peter
so Papa Chris lays down the good news
for her yeah Peter got engaged to Hannah
Ann but then he broke it off because
he's still thinking about you so he
flies Madison out to LA where Peters got
an awesome house by the way or does he
still live with his parents but he is
thrilled to see Madison again these two
reconnect and they bring her out in the
live show what's gonna happen are these
two together is Peter gonna propose no
it's a bit of an anti-climax they're
like yeah we're still in love but we're
gonna slow it down see where this goes
the real climax is the convo with
Peter's mom after meeting both girls the
whole family was fully team Hannah and
remember his mom broke down crying about
it and when he first told them that he
and Hannah Ann were engaged she was over
the moon
she is real mad at Peter for dumping
Hannah Ann and breaking her heart like
that as for Madison she's like hey you
know obviously in Australia you were
going through a lot so we didn't like
you because you didn't like Peter at the
time you'd expect her to say something
like but we're really excited to get to
know you now and stuff but she doesn't
she still really does not like Madison
she does not believe medicines right for
her boy and does not support them
working out their relationship and this
is where Peters loves to where he comes
to an end if you want to find out more
you'll have to follow him on Instagram
and stuff if I had to guess he's going
to stay single and bang as many girls as
possible the end the episode bringing
out the new bachelorette
Claire Crawley she was a contestant a
while ago and has had multiple bachelor
appearances but it's never worked out so
this time she's a little older more
mature ready to really find the man of
her dreams will she find love will I
bother recapping it find out next time
on The Bachelor hit that subscribe
button for more of the best recaps of TV
and movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion